sphinx/test_out/heading_res.rst, before:

!!!!!!!!!!!
heading_res
!!!!!!!!!!!

.. meta::
   :keywords: heading_res, heading, result

.. index:: heading_res, heading, result

.. _heading_res:

Heading Result
##############
- :ref:`heading_res.second_level`
    - :ref:`heading_res.second_level.third_level`
- :ref:`heading_res.another_second_level`
    - :ref:`heading_res.another_second_level.third_level`
- :ref:`heading_res.links`

The label for this heading is the section name ``heading_res``.

.. meta::
   :keywords: second, level

.. index:: second, level

.. _heading_res.second_level:

Second Level
************
The label for this heading is ``heading_res.second_level``.

.. meta::
   :keywords: third, level

.. index:: third, level

.. _heading_res.second_level.third_level:

Third Level
===========
The label for this heading is ``heading_res.second_level.third_level``.

.. meta::
   :keywords: another, second, level

.. index:: another, second, level

.. _heading_res.another_second_level:

Another Second Level
********************
The label for this heading is ``heading_res.another_second_level``.

.. meta::
   :keywords: third, level

.. index:: third, level

.. _heading_res.another_second_level.third_level:

Third Level
===========
The label for this heading is
``heading_res.another_second_level.third_level``.

.. meta::
   :keywords: links

.. index:: links

.. _heading_res.links:

Links
*****

1. :ref:`heading_res`
2. :ref:`heading_res.second_level`
3. :ref:`heading_res.second_level.third_level`
4. :ref:`heading_res.another_second_level`
5. :ref:`heading_res.another_second_level.third_level`

:ref:`heading_exam`

----

xsrst input file: ``sphinx/test_in/heading.py``

Commit message:

master: some minor improvements and fixes to documentation.
xsrst.py: use preamble.rst to define |space| and |tab|, fix ref to xsrst_comment_ch.
doc.xsrst: remove math command that is also in preamble.
heading.py: improve discussion of the links.

sphinx/test_out/heading_res.rst, after:

!!!!!!!!!!!
heading_res
!!!!!!!!!!!

.. meta::
   :keywords: heading_res, heading, result

.. index:: heading_res, heading, result

.. _heading_res:

Heading Result
##############
- :ref:`heading_res.second_level`
    - :ref:`heading_res.second_level.third_level`
- :ref:`heading_res.another_second_level`
    - :ref:`heading_res.another_second_level.third_level`
- :ref:`heading_res.links`

The label for this heading is the section name ``heading_res``.

.. meta::
   :keywords: second, level

.. index:: second, level

.. _heading_res.second_level:

Second Level
************
The label for this heading is ``heading_res.second_level``.

.. meta::
   :keywords: third, level

.. index:: third, level

.. _heading_res.second_level.third_level:

Third Level
===========
The label for this heading is ``heading_res.second_level.third_level``.

.. meta::
   :keywords: another, second, level

.. index:: another, second, level

.. _heading_res.another_second_level:

Another Second Level
********************
The label for this heading is ``heading_res.another_second_level``.

.. meta::
   :keywords: third, level

.. index:: third, level

.. _heading_res.another_second_level.third_level:

Third Level
===========
The label for this heading is
``heading_res.another_second_level.third_level``.

.. meta::
   :keywords: links

.. index:: links

.. _heading_res.links:

Links
*****
These links would also work from any other section because the
:ref:`section_name<begin_cmd.section_name>`
(which is ``heading_res`` in this case)
is included at the beginning of the target for the link:

1. :ref:`heading_res`
2. :ref:`heading_res.second_level`
3. :ref:`heading_res.second_level.third_level`
4. :ref:`heading_res.another_second_level`
5. :ref:`heading_res.another_second_level.third_level`

:ref:`heading_exam`

----

xsrst input file: ``sphinx/test_in/heading.py``
