sphinx/test_out/no_parent_res.rst, before:

!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no_parent_res
!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. meta::
   :keywords: no_parent_res, no, parent, result

.. index:: no_parent_res, no, parent, result

.. _no_parent_res:

No Parent Result
################
- :ref:`no_parent_res.children.py_file`
- :ref:`no_parent_res.child_link_children.py`
- :ref:`no_parent_res.example`

The file ``children.py`` does not contain a begin parent command
and hence all the sections in that file are children of this section.

.. meta::
   :keywords: children.py, file

.. index:: children.py, file

.. _no_parent_res.children.py_file:

children.py File
****************
Go to the heading :ref:`This File<children_exam.this_file>` in
the children_exam section linked below:

.. meta::
   :keywords: child, link, children.py

.. index:: child, link, children.py

.. _no_parent_res.child_link_children.py:

Child Link children.py
**********************
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   children_exam
   children_other

.. meta::
   :keywords: example

.. index:: example

.. _no_parent_res.example:

Example
*******
:ref:`no_parent_exam`

----

xsrst input file: ``sphinx/test_in/no_parent.xsrst``

Commit message:

master: xsrst.py: test and fix indented section with children.

sphinx/test_out/no_parent_res.rst, after:

!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no_parent_res
!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. meta::
   :keywords: no_parent_res, no, parent, result

.. index:: no_parent_res, no, parent, result

.. _no_parent_res:

No Parent Result
################
- :ref:`no_parent_res.children.py_file`
- :ref:`no_parent_res.child_link_children.py`
- :ref:`no_parent_res.example`

The file ``children.py`` does not contain a begin parent command
and hence all the sections in that file are children of this section.
The source code for this example is indented similar to the
:ref:`indent_exam`.

.. meta::
   :keywords: children.py, file

.. index:: children.py, file

.. _no_parent_res.children.py_file:

children.py File
****************
Go to the heading :ref:`This File<children_exam.this_file>` in
the children_exam section linked below:

.. meta::
   :keywords: child, link, children.py

.. index:: child, link, children.py

.. _no_parent_res.child_link_children.py:

Child Link children.py
**********************
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   children_exam
   children_other

.. meta::
   :keywords: example

.. index:: example

.. _no_parent_res.example:

Example
*******
:ref:`no_parent_exam`

----

xsrst input file: ``sphinx/test_in/no_parent.xsrst``
